CTOs is groundbreaking technology we're
promoting efficiency comfort and safety
dedicated to protecting you at refresh
citizens of Chicago we could set you
have heard enough wise it is time to
hear the truth
you can be hot someone is inside the
network we have seen him you wanted the
system hacks you got me in he is not
dead sack and we do not defend him
police believe they are closing in on
suspected vigilante aiden pearce vehicle
in attempting to flee
he is Cruz last one we're on the scene
in episode that the CT US network is
flawed
and you are vocal
one man has done exactly what we have
warned you about
are you in trouble
virus is still doing damage shut it down
now is the time to wake up
you